hey guys what's up its nuclear videos HD
and in the past few days there have been
a few comments I've caught my eye asking
about retired buildings and when you get
to unlock them now I realized the main
reason people come to my channels for
tips and walkthroughs it's a lot of the
viewers maybe beginners who weren't
around for older events so here it is it
100% complete buildings guide
so first we'll go through the buildings
that are permanently in the game sorted
by level and mini event now for the
regular quest / level of buildings these
are the buildings that are always in the
game and are added once every new level
first we have the Simpsons house then
the kwik-e-mart followed by the brown
house then the Flanders house
krustyburger
purple house cletus's farm blue house
van houten house pink house Springfield
Elementary School White House the golden
glow' Willy's Shack the reactor core
control building and cooling towers also
known as the Springfield nuclear power
plant
Bart's treehouse and Springfield library
the androids dungeon and baseball card
shop orange house the First Church of
Springfield the JavaServer Moe's Tavern
Jake's the unisex hair palace
the Springfield downs the gilded truffle
King toots police station Skip's diner
Luigi's Springfield penitentiary
retirement castle town hall months house
about those apartments channel 6
Springfield post office Hibbert family
practice in Springfield General Hospital
deep amento Grove burns Manor Wiggum
house alchemy tree Springfield Buddhist
temple the adult education annex
business man social club fat Tony's
compound the Skinner house Herman's
military antiques and zestes now we're
going to be moving on to the premium
buildings and the buildings that are
available to determine events premium
buildings are special buildings only
participant rhenium currency called
Donuts
first we have Frank's laboratory then
Lord led Donuts the volcano lair the
Aztec theater Duff brewery the
Springfield Observatory the School Bus
Krusty Lou studios the Asia de Cuba new
gosh is Jim the open-air stage sprawl
Mar and a community center now moving on
to special buildings and permanent event
buildings first off for these special
buildings we have the 50-foot magnifying
glass escalator to know where any
popsicle stick tower now for these
special event buildings we have the
itchy and scratchy store malaria zone
just rain sticks the frying Dutchman
turbine Outfitters my first tattoo much
ado about muffins the Krypto bar and
Planet hype and the ferris wheel now
that we've covered the buildings that
are and always will be in our games it's
time to move on to the buildings I just
didn't make the cut
starting off with the first holiday
event tapped out at her head we're here
with the treehouse of horror update with
the Springfield Cemetery the pet
cemetery
the mausoleum subatomic super collider
the house of evil a bad dream house and
a heck house church facade after that
during an episode promotion we got to
first taste of the cool Brown house
leading us to the next major holiday
event Christmas
now there was Santa's Village Mapple
store Barney's Valderrama and the try
and save but the Barney's Balarama and
try and save were changed to premium
buildings after the event and now are
and always will be premium buildings in
the game now there was also an
assortment of Christmas decorated houses
than no longer available
there was a Simpsons house Flanders
house Brown house cletus's farm purple
house blue house Van Outen house pink
house white house Willy shack orange
house crabapples apartment any volcano
lair now the next holiday event after
that was Valentine's Day featuring the
Phineas cube butter fats Howard's
flowers and sir puddle Lots
now the next holiday event is quite
small in a riot
only weeks after the Valentine's Day
update it's the st. Patrick's Day update
which only featured one building of
Flanigan's pub about a month later we
were introduced with the whacking day
update which featured fort sensible Duff
Stadium Springfield's Coliseum and the
CBZ motel all of which but for sensible
are now current day premium items and
last but not least there was an episode
promotion which featured the swanky fish
well there you guys have it the 100%
complete buildings guy did guys enjoyed
the video please leave a like comment
and please subscribe that's pretty much
it thanks for watching and subscribe